I choose...
the Light of Justice!
Mystvearn: Where
did he learn that?!
He broke through
Mystvearn's...
Decimation Field?!
That attack...
It looked exactly
like Dai's Air Slash.
W-What?!
It actually worked-
I can wield the power of
a true warrior of justice.
The Avan Spear Technique...
The Air Strike.
I must have been so
desperate to defeat him...
to destroy him.
That now...
Justice is my weapon.
You really did it,
Hyunckel...
Avan would be so proud-
His greatest skill!
I couldn't have
done it without you,
Dear Maam.
Without you I would still
be on that evil path...
Into darkness.
Where I would have been lost.
Hyunckel...
Now, I swear...
From this day on...
I am the light.
A warrior of justice...
until I breathe
my last breath!
Popp: Hey - we're
still stuck in this
"Decimation Field", y'know?!
Mystvearn: Curse you, Hyunckel!
He has a man's face?!
Hyunckel: Mystvearn...
Mystvearn: You saw it.
[furious roar]
[pained cries]
[snarling]
[agonized cries]
It hurts!
Maam [thought]: His power
is even greater than before.
[pained cries]
Mystvearn: You filth!
You dare...
to reveal my face.
A face that no one is
meant to gaze upon.
Come on - seriously?!
What's so bad about us
seeing what you look like?
Mystvearn: Silence!
[agonized howl]
[pained cries]
Hyunckel [thought]:
He's in a frenzy...
The cool and collected
Mystvearn of all people...
How vital of a secret
could that face hold?
Curses...
If I can use
Air Strike again...
The Aura of Justice isn't
working for me anymore.
Mystvearn: Your abilities
are underdeveloped.
What could you
possibly do to stop me?
[pained cry]
Mystvearn: The Dark
King Vearn demanded that
the people of this
kingdom suffer-
and there's nothing
you pitiful humans
can do to stop me
from completing my task.
Mystvearn: Cry...
[tortured scream]
Mystvearn: Scream...
[anguished yell]
Mystvearn: Accept
your destruction!
[agonized cries]
The giant castle-
it isn't moving anymore.
That means they must have
it distracted on the ground.
Princess?
Leona: Help the
other leaders escape
before the enemy gets
within the walls.
All: We will!
Escape, now?
You still have soldiers left,
And you won't even
send them into battle?
You'd make them run?
To abandon their country?!
A country is nothing without
its people, your Majesty.
All we can do
today is survive.
Well - I'm not running!
I'll fight to the end!
Can't you see
what's happening here?
All of your forces were
decimated by that giant-
we're losing the battle!
Something's coming!
[devious chuckle]
A monster?!
So - there you are.
Both: Frizz!
[devious snicker]
Sizz!
Thank you - Princess!
[taunting cackle]
We've run out of time.
Is this it?
Indeed. It is finished.
Then this is the most
powerful weapon in the world.
So, what are you
going to call it, Dai?
Lon: This sword was
forged for you alone.
There will never be
another one quite like it.
So, it's name...
Is obvious to me.
Lon: It shall be known...
as the Sword of Dai!
A sword with my name...
It's hypnotizing
to look at, isn't it?
Dai: It feels like it's calling
out to me, or something!
With this, I...
Jank: What's wrong?
Dai: Huh?!
What's with this thing?
There's some kind of lock
here - I can't draw it!
I told you.
That sword you're
holding is a living thing.
The choice of when and where to
fight belongs to it, as well.
Dai: What?
That doesn't sound
very efficient...
Lon: You'll see
why soon enough.
Dai: But if I can't draw it...
Whenever you are in battle,
And you require
a great power...
The spirit that dwells within
the Sword of Dai will
answer that call...
Only then can the
blade be unsheathed.
I think I understand.
[suffering cries]
Master Mystvearn.
Mystvearn: Shadow,
have you found them?
Yes.
The princess and the other
leaders are in the Grand Chapel.
[pained groan]
No! They found them.
Mystvearn: Good.
Take Sovereign Rock Castle
and dispose of them all.
As you command.
No - not that!
[delighted chuckle]
Marin: It's moving.
Apollo: And headed this way!
Everybody, get inside. Quickly!
Alright!
Be sure to tell me...
How the blade
performs in battle.
Sure. Thank you
so much, Lon Beruk.
You two, as well!
Our pleasure.
And please, Dai...
Do what you can
to look after Popp.
But if that boy ever
gets in the way,
feel free to toss him aside.
I wouldn't worry about him.
I think Popp is a lot stronger
than you give him credit for!
Well, then. I have to go.
[roaring]
Zoom!
C'mon!
I can't just stand
here and do nothing!
How can he cast so
many spells at once?!
Mystvearn: Now,
my former student.
I have one final
lesson for you.
Why are you so fixated
on me - Mystvearn?!
Is it because you know that
I've unlocked a technique
that can vanquish your
Dark Aura once and for all?
Or, is it because...
[snarling]
You've realized that
I now have the power to
finally uncover the
secret of your ugly face?!
Mystvearn: Enough!
[agonized scream]
Mystvearn: You shall not
speak another word! Die!
[pained howl]
Hyunckel!
Mystvearn: Who dares?
Who do you think it
is, you dumb jerk?!
If there's anyone
other than Hyunckel
who could break the
Aura Hand's grip...
It must be the boy.
All: Dai!
Mystvearn: Ah, the hero.
Indeed, your
mastery of Air Slash
makes you the only one who
can cleave my Dark Aura.
Maam [thought]: He's right.
But...
Why is Dai using
his old sword?
I see you have a
new weapon with you.
Very well.
Are you confident
that the blade
will endure the power
of a Dragon Knight?
Come and show me!
Mystvearn: Well?
I'm waiting.
No, thank you!
Mystvearn: What?
I'd like to, but I don't
think you're worth it.
It's not me-
the sword says so.
Mystvearn: You
arrogant little brat.
My Decimation Field
will swallow you, too!
Dai: Avan Style
Sword Technique...
Air Slash!
We can move again!
Is everybody okay to fight?
Mystvearn: If he were to use
that power with his new blade...
Why aren't you using
your new sword?
Is it not ready?
Dai: No, that's not it.
You see...
Look out!
Hyunckel!
His shield's a boomerang?
Okay, so you're just made
out of weapons, or something?
Now Dai, leave this
wretched thing to me.
You can't-
you're wounded!
Look over there.
It's headed straight
for the Grand Chapel.
No ordinary attack or spell is
going to take that thing down.
But with your power...
Mystvearn: You're all too late!
Mystvearn [thought]: He's
executing the Air technique
with such ease!
Go now, Dai!
He's right, pal. Now:
We'll keep things
under control here.
Protect Leona and the others.
I've got it!
Now, let's see it in action.
The power of
Lon Beruk's blade...
The power of the Sword of Dai!
Mystvearn: Shadow!
Hurry and crush
the Grand Chapel!
Yes, master.
There is nowhere
left for us to run.
Leona [thought]:
Was everyone...
Were they all defeated?
Forgive me for my
ignorance, everyone, please.
Had I known that they were
this were this powerful,
I would have agreed
to focus on evacuating
instead of facing
them head on.
It's one thing to die
due to my own rashness,
but for me to drag all of you
down into this final loss...
It's shameful.
King Bengarna, it's too
soon to lose hope.
I can't agree more!
Things may look grim,
but it's up to us
to show leadership
in the face of adversity...
You're right.
Yes, you are right.
[screaming]
[roaring charge]
Yes, Dai!
Dai: Okay, new sword...
Now's the time to
lend me your power!
W-What...
He's going up
against that giant
with nothing but
a mere sword?!
No, that...
That blade is the most
powerful weapon ever created!
Shadow: You fool.
A sword can't cut a castle.
Ignorant child...
I'll crush you along
with the others!
Dai [thought]: Here we go!
[roaring]
Shadow: Wh...What happened?
No!
Impossible!
That little boy cut
right through the castle!
How did he do that?!
[victorious cheering]
How's that for
swords and magic?
Dai [thought]: Amazing...
With just a normal attack,
it felt like slicing
through thin air.
Imagine what would happen if
I were to use all of my power!
Shadow: Curse you!
Fire everything we've got!
Let him feel the might
of Sovereign Rock!
I don't think so.
Draconic Aura!
Leona: Dai's Draconic Aura
is going right into his sword!
Fire!
[roaring]
[surprised breath]
But... Where...
Where did he go?
Wait...
He's right underneath
this very room?!
Take this!
Master Mystvearn-
[roaring]
Did he actually
cut a castle in half?!
Dai is unbelievable!
Wow! What a legend!
Stunning.
Dai...
Where's Dai?
He's there!
A true Hero.
He did it!
Narrator: After
Sovereign Rock Castle
has been destroyed
by Dai's new blade,
an enraged Mystvearn strikes
back with unfathomable power.
But Killvearn the
Reaper intervenes
and convinces his
colleague to retreat.
Popp pursues, but his haste may
have led him into a trap...
So don't miss
the next episode of
Dragon Quest:
The Adventure of Dai,
"The Field of Death".